# Block-Chain-Final-Report
## Hedging capabilities of cryptocurrencies: Can cryptocurrencies hedge or diversify portfolio?
## Abstract
This review hopes to explore the hedging and diversification capabilities of crypto currencies represented by Bitcoin. Overall speaking， previous researches indicated a negative attitudes towards the hedging function of crypto currencies since no significant negative correlation is shown. Meanwhile, crypto currencies may be a suitable diversifier due to its low correlation with all the other assets. In some specific region, mostly Asian Pacific area, Crypto currencies behaved stonger hedging or diversifications partly due to investors's different preference. Very few of the accepted hedging timing may be extreme recessions or unrests when the value of fiat currencies is doubted. Researches also indicated crypto currencies should be a good hedge against economic policies uncertainty. However, the high volatility and low liquidity add much difficulties on the hedging or diversification operations.Due to the maturation of the crypto currencies market and as the price of crypto currencies go back to rationality, the hedging or diversification plan using crypto currencies may not be profitable any more. And the dissatisfying historical data and the performance of the crypto currencies hedge fund may be an alarm that the theoretical hedge or diversification capabilities is actually meaningless when the asset is undergoing a bearish market. To conclude, the major function of Bitcoin till now in financial investment is mainly speculative not a rational hedging or diversification tool.
## Introduction
A cryptocurrency is the digital asset designed to be a medium of exchange in online trading, asset transfer or varication. Its characteristic of decentralized control opposed to centralized system in reality guarantee its security and eliminate the risks resulted from this traditional economic pattern. Used in a narrow sense, cryptocurrencies started from Bitcoin in 2009. (Some publication include the QQ coins or other online top-up cards in this definition from a broader sense). And the market value of bitcoin has risen to over 94 billion till May,2019（Data from https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bitcoin/).After exploring for a decade, still cryptocurrencies are still mysterious to many investors. It is very difficult to understand the value of cryptocurrencies, which could be measured by the liquidity, reactivity to the variance of other assets as well as the hedging abilities of the asset.The speculative nature and the decentralized characteristic all add difficulties to the analysis. Relative researches had been conducted to explore the crypto currencies nature, trading pattern and its value as a diversifier or hedging tool, which will be introduced in the literature review part.  
Here comes another problem, what is the difference between hedge and diversification? As illustrated in Baur and Lucey (2010), a diversifier is an asset that has a weak positive correlation with another asset on average. A weak (strong) hedge is an asset that is uncorrelated (negatively corre- lated) with another asset on average. In this whole review, we would follow this difinition to explore.
## Literature Review
Corbet, Lucey, Urquhart and Yarovaya (2018) show that Bitcoin’s role in international diversification has been a controversial research topic among scholars and practitioners because of the importance of having policy impact in asset allocation, hedging and risk management. Indeed, investors and portfolio managers are always looking for alternative investments targets which could reduce the downside risk of traditional assets. As bitcoin became the first crypto currency, investors and academics began testing its ability to diversify its traditional assets because it was independent of sovereign authorities and economic/financial developments.This is also supported by evidence of unique factors driving the price of bitcoin, such as social emotions (Bouoiyour&Selmi, 2015;Kristoufek, 2015, exchange volume and hash rate (Bouoiyour&Selmi, 2015), energy price (Hayes, 2017), user anonymity (Ober, Katzenbeisser, &Hamacher, 2013), computer programming hobbyist support (Yelowitz&Wilson, 2015), technology (Li&Wang, 2017), cyber attacks (Bohme, Christin, Edelman, &Moore, 2013)(2015), increasing the uncertainty of the stock market (Bouri, Gupta, et al., 2017), and uncertainty over economic policy (Demir et al., 2018).  
Using the univariate GARCH model, Dyhrberg (2016) shows that bitcoin can be used as a hedge between the FTSE index and the dollar exchange rate.Bouri Molnar et al.(2017) adopted DCC-Garch model and regression analysis involving quantile dummies were used to show that bitcoin can diversify extreme downward movements in stock returns. Using a very similar approach, Baur et al.(2018) demonstrates the weak correlation between bitcoin and stocks, implies the ability to diversify during normal and stressful times, and that bitcoin is "primarily used as a speculative investment rather than as an alternative currency and medium of exchange."Using the multivariable GARCH model, Guesmi et al.(2018) shows that adding bitcoin to a portfolio of gold and crude oil stocks results in a lower risk of portfolio gains than the same portfolio excluding bitcoin.Ji et al. reported similar results for bitcoin's ability to hedge.(2018), they used the graph theory method and variance decomposition metric.Corbet, Meegan, Larkin, et al.(2018) use connectivity measures in the time and frequency domains and provide evidence similar to those found in the above study;That said, bitcoin is largely independent of the global financial system and traditional assets, and thus can offer valuable diversification benefits.However, Klein, Pham Thu and Walther (2018) applied some methods and found that the conditional variance attribute of bitcoin is different from that of Gold.In particular, they see bitcoin moving in tandem with the stock market's decline.In addition, their portfolio analysis shows that bitcoin has a volatile hedging capability.  
Many previous studies have focused on the direct correlation between bitcoin and traditional assets such as stocks, commodities and bonds, and reported evidence of very weak correlation (Baur et al., 2018;Bouri, Molnar et al., 2017;Corbet, Meegan, Larkin et al., 2018;Guesmi et al., 2018;Ji et al., 2018).However, the correlation between bitcoin and traditional assets related to macroeconomic variables such as EPU is still poorly understood.In addition, it is unclear whether the hedging effect of bitcoin is affected by the EPU status.In order to solve these problems, the garch-midas model (Engle et al., 2013) and its extension dcc-midas (Colacito et al., 2011) seem to be an appropriate modeling framework.These models have been widely used in the financial literature.Indeed, they continue to attract academic interest because they are able to break down volatility and correlations into long-term and short-term components and combine data from different frequency levels, such as monthly levels of global uncertainty.
## Cryptocurrencies and gold, are they comparable?
## Empiracal Test of Hedging and Diversification Capabilities of Cryptocurrencies
## When Can Cryptocurrencies used to be a hedging tool
## Actual outcome of crypto currencies implied by specialized hedging fund
## Other potential risks using cryptocurrencies as a hedging/diversification tool
## Further exploration suggestions
## Summary
## Reference
